---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lightdash_space Data Source - terraform-provider-lightdash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves detailed information for a specific Lightdash space by its UUID within a project. This data source provides extensive details including the space's parent space (if any), name, visibility (private/public), and detailed access information for both individual members and groups. It requires the project UUID and space UUID as input. This data source is useful for fetching the current state and access configurations of a space.
---

# lightdash_space (Data Source)

Retrieves detailed information for a specific Lightdash space by its UUID within a project. This data source provides extensive details including the space's parent space (if any), name, visibility (private/public), and detailed access information for both individual members and groups. It requires the project UUID and space UUID as input. This data source is useful for fetching the current state and access configurations of a space.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "lightdash_space" "test" {
  organization_uuid = "xxxx-xxxx-xxxx"
  project_uuid      = "yyyyy-yyyy-yyyy"
  space_uuid        = "zzzzz-zzzz-zzzz"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_uuid` (String) Organization UUID of the Lightdash project.
- `project_uuid` (String) Organization UUID of the Lightdash project.
- `space_uuid` (String) Space UUID of the Lightdash space.

### Optional

- `parent_space_uuid` (String) Parent space UUID of the Lightdash space. This attribute is nullable and will be empty if the space has no parent.

### Read-Only

- `access` (Attributes List) List of members of the Lightdash space. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access))
- `access_groups` (Attributes List) List of groups of the Lightdash space. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_groups))
- `id` (String) Data source identifier
- `is_private` (Boolean) Is the Lightdash space private.
- `name` (String) Name of the Lightdash space.

<a id="nestedatt--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Read-Only:

- `has_direct_access` (Boolean) Whether the user has direct access to the space.
- `inherited_from` (String) Inherited from of the Lightdash space member.
- `inherited_role` (String) Inherited role of the Lightdash space member.
- `project_role` (String) Project role of the Lightdash space member.
- `space_role` (String) Role of the Lightdash space member.
- `user_uuid` (String) User UUID of the Lightdash space member.


<a id="nestedatt--access_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_groups`

Read-Only:

- `group_uuid` (String) Group UUID of the Lightdash space group.
- `space_role` (String) Role of the Lightdash space group.
